In many ways, existing languages place unrealistic expectations on library and
framework designers, allowing some varieties of client reuse only if it is
explicitly---sometimes manually---supported. Instead, we should aim for the
ideal: a language design that reduces the amount of prognostication that is
required on the part of the original designers. In particular, I show that
languages can and should support a \emph{combination} of structural and
nominal subtyping, \emph{external dispatch}, and a form of \emph{multiple
inheritance}.

Structural subtyping, which allows new types to be added to an existing
hierarchy post-hoc, has been studied for decades, but a na\"ive combination of
structural subtyping and external dispatch poses serious typechecking issues.
Instead, I present a novel combination of structural subtyping, nominal
subtyping, and external dispatch---external dispatch allowing programmers to
write new code that dynamically dispatches on an existing hierarchy. In its
absence, programmers will often resort to writing manual dispatch code, which
is tedious, error-prone, and lacks extensibility.

External dispatch is also difficult to combine with another useful language
feature---multiple inheritance. It so happens that \emph{any} form of multiple
inheritance (even Java-style) makes modular typechecking of external methods
extremely difficult; this is due to the so-called ``diamond problem.'' To
sidestep these issues, I propose a novel form of multiple inheritance which
does not allow diamonds, but recovers expressiveness through a generalized
form of self-types.

Finally, since languages with structural subtyping are used mainly in the
research community, it had thus far remained unclear whether structural
subtyping is actually useful in practice. To answer this question, I performed
a novel empirical study of existing Java programs, which found that (a) even
nominally-typed programs could benefit from structural subtyping, and (b)
there is a potential synergy between structural subtyping and external
dispatch.